we're aboard the cruisers candy is 54
fly this is the flybridge version of the
previous can t is 54 the helm is great
you got full visibility to the bow it's
pod driven votes you've got a joystick
and the hardtop is enormous this is
standard and it covers two full-sized
u-shaped SETI's with a galley module in
between this is a very large flybridge
now this is still a cruisers can t asst
model and they're the ones with this
amazing trademark back in here the door
opens and there's a window that lowers
so the galley actually opens right up
into the cockpit and they have these
great two bar stools so this is a
wonderful layout you can see all the way
to the windshield and back everything's
nice and open cruisers yachts is a
Wisconsin company this is an
american-built boat and this is haul
number one so it's a prototype that
hasn't been tested yet but it's expected
to go upper 30s top in mid to lower 30s
for cruising and it's definitely a good
time to check one out so visit boats
compher review
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters